docs: adding Perplexity AI use case document in tabby-docs (#3678)
TabbyML/tabby: website/docs/references/models-http-api/perplexity.md

# Perplexity AI

[Perplexity AI](https://www.perplexity.ai/) is a company that develops large language models and offers them through their API service. They currently provide three powerful Llama-based models: [Sonar Small (8B)](https://docs.perplexity.ai/guides/model-cards#supported-models), [Sonar Large (70B)](https://docs.perplexity.ai/guides/model-cards#supported-models), and [Sonar Huge (405B)](https://docs.perplexity.ai/guides/model-cards#supported-models), all supporting a 128k context window.

## Chat model

> We recommend using Perplexity's HTTP server for chat functionality. It provides an OpenAI-compatible chat API interface. The Sonar Large (70B) and Huge (405B) models are recommended for better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perplexity provides an OpenAI-compatible chat API interface. The Sonar Large (70B) and Huge (405B) models are recommended for better performance.
```
